[Music]
hi guys in from football booster KK here
and today we are doing it we are putting
the mercurial superfly in the wash
there's a few things to talk about first
before we actually go ahead and do it so
I'm just gonna pull them out the back
here and let's get started now the first
thing to think about is you need to make
sure they are nice and clean so if you
haven't already go check out our video
of how to clean the superfly and you
don't want them to be covered as mud and
all that kind of stuff when you put them
in the wash so please make sure you
watch our first video and get them as
clean as possible before you put them in
there but concentrating on getting rid
of those kind of are real stubborn
little bits of grime and stuff that you
just can't get off them but also that on
the smell yeah that's probably the one
thing you end up with these boosters
they do start to stink of it so we're
gonna try and put them in the wash and
go from there we will be using a little
bit of detergent we're not gonna be like
pouring it right in there or anything
like that we will be putting a bit in
but I get into that shortly there a few
more specifics okay the first thing to
think about is what are you gonna put in
the machine with them let's get onto
that so it's important to make sure that
you're not going to wash your your boots
with anything important so put a few
things in here that we're just going to
take out and we want to make sure we
look after so we won't be washing these
things today put them in a separate load
okay so you're gonna get your boots and
the first thing to do is to take out the
soft liner soft liner doesn't need to go
in there that's just gonna help them get
cleaned up a bit better so no need for
the salt Mona well just destroying the
place okay now that's off might take
that out don't need that right we want
to think about protecting the boots as
much as possible when we put them in
there so the first thing I'm gonna grab
is a pillowcase okay and just gonna drop
them into the pillowcase to protect them
all right so they're in there they're
nice and protected now the next thing I
want to do is you're going to be
thinking about a little bit more
protection and that is going to be using
a towels so I'm going to get a towel and
I'm just gonna wrap it around the boots
as much as possible and that just gives
them some real nice protection I'm just
gonna pull it up with another towel I'm
probably one third month they're just
gonna be wrapped up real nicely in there
okay and I'll just go the last one all
right so we're nearly ready to put them
in the machine just set them there for
now and we're gonna start talking about
detergent and settings and all that kind
of good stuff
okay okay so settings wise gonna turn on
the machine this is a front loader if
you've got a top loader it doesn't
matter same kind of principles apply and
settings wise I'm just kind of talking
generally so I'm gonna go forward I have
up here which is a quick wash so you
wanna use the quickest Worcester setting
that you have possible ready I've got a
few choices temperature-wise
now these are in centigrade so convert
to Fahrenheit if you need to I've got a
cold wash I'm not gonna use that today
because I want to get rid of some of the
smell so I'm gonna knock it up to thirty
which is that one level above the cold
as you can see there another important
thing to think about is the the spin
cycle that it does it's going to spin
you don't want it to spin too much
because you want to look after the boost
so I'm just going to go on the lowest
spin setting here and the reason for
that is it's not going to spin around
too much it's not going to attack the
boots too much and we'll just let them
dry out naturally afterwards so that's a
really important thing make sure you let
them dry out naturally afterwards okay
so I'm happy on my temperature I'm happy
on my spins I'm now going to go ahead
and put the parcel in as such alright
other thing is I am just gonna put in a
splash of detergent just thinking like
maybe like a teaspoonful nothing too
crazy but I do what I put in a little
bit just to look after them and right
that's it
and then we just hit go I'm going to
find out in 33 minutes how these are
looking we probably do a little
time-lapse speed this up for you and let
me take them out at the end of me
finding out what's happened to the super
flies we're pretty confident they're
going to be in good shape
[Music]
all right moment of truth let's have a
look and see what happened if you may
noticed that one of the booths actually
managed to pop out of the pillowcase
we'll see if the come fiber is still in
one piece and have a look until the
boots are looking like tells pretty well
so we've got one food still in the
pillowcase my suggestion when you do
this if these boots are in one piece and
it is with thee then is to take your
pillowcase and just tie a knot in it
before you put it in the machine
yeah that way you're not gonna have your
boots fall out as we did all right so
let's take a look at the one that still
in them
it's looking pretty shiny and that's
good isn't it
I'm not really seeing any kinda major
issues another thing I might consider
suggesting is perhaps probably tie your
laces when you do it until I haven't
hear it they look pretty nice and shiny
and clean they're definitely a one-piece
still so that's good smells good
that's always good news and if you look
at the color around here as well no no
you see any of the month model muck or
things that we had to let's come up
pretty nicely as well all right let's
just grab the other one out of the other
baguette here and we'll see what's going
on looking pretty good too they
definitely come out really nicely really
happy with the way they're looking so
yeah pretty sweet remember if you do
decide to do this is it your own risk we
do not take any responsibility for your
decision to put them in the wash but if
you need to nicely go for it what's out
pretty well for us alright guys thanks
for watching this video we're gonna go
try them out you should probably know
how to dry out your boots if you don't
just stuff a whole bunch of newspaper in
there and check out our other video
about Kings boots cuz that talked a
little bit about drying out as well but
just don't put them near a heat source
or anything like that let them dry out
really slowly really naturally and that
should do the business alright guys
until next time we'll have some more
videos go subscribe to the channel and
enjoy your football thanks
[Music]
[Applause]